"Wait for the Lord; be strong and take heart and wait for the Lord." - Psalm 27:14“You are the salt of the earth. But if salt loses its saltiness, how can it be made salty again? It's not good for anything." - Matthew 5:13"Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face." - Ronald ReaganYour worth isn't defined by your job or the amount of money you have. God judges your worth by the condition of your relationship with Him.Vengeance belongs to God. It isn't your place to avenge. Only God can provide you with true justice."For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?" - Mark 8:36"God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble." - Psalm 46:1"A man’s heart plans his way, But the Lord directs his steps" - Proverbs 16:9"Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind." - Romans 12:2a"Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to men by which we must be saved.” - Acts 4:12"The righteous cry out, and the LORD hears them; he delivers them from all their troubles." - Psalm 34:17"Whoever conceals their sins does not prosper, but the one who confesses and renounces them finds mercy." - Proverbs 28:13"God is always doing 10,000 things in your life, and you may be aware of three of them." - John Piper@CSRlocksmiths agree and support 100%"Your steadfast love, O LORD, extends to the heavens, your faithfulness to the clouds." - Psalm 36:5Your past doesn't define you, who you are now defines you."I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand." - Isaiah 41:10b"Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit, but in humility consider others better than yourselves." - Philippians 2:3Repent &amp; be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins &amp; you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. -Acts 2:38Bear with each other &amp; forgive one another if any of you has a grievance against someone. Forgive as the Lord forgave you. - Colossians 3:13As God’s chosen people, holy &amp; dearly loved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness &amp; patience. - Colossians 3:12"But when you are tempted, he will also provide a way out so that you can endure it." - 1 Corinthians 10:13c"God is faithful; he will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear" - 1 Corinthians 10:13b#PrayForLouisiana"For the waywardness of the simple will kill them, and the complacency of fools will destroy them;" - Proverbs 1:32"We build too many walls and not enough bridges." - Sir Isaac Newton“Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God." - Corrie Ten Boom#HardTruth #AdulterersDoNotEnterTheGatesOfHeaven #AdulteryIsAnEpidemicInAmericaIn Matthew 5, Jesus says if you get divorced for a reason other than adultery &amp; you enter into a new relationship then you are an adulterer.God NEVER makes mistakes."Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful." - Luke 6:36"Then your reward will be great, and you will be children of the Most High, because he is kind to the ungrateful and wicked." - Luke 6:35b"But love your enemies, do good to them, and lend to them without expecting to get anything back." - Luke 6:35aYou are the first glimpse of Jesus that your children will see. They NEED to see you obeying and living by God's Word."And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose." - Romans 8:28"Blessed are those who are persecuted because of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven." - Matthew 5:10