Thy grace sufficient shall be my supply."You hold me by my right hand. You guide me with your counsel." Psalm 73:23, 24.The Lord is with me, His rod and His staff, they comfort me.Lord, grant me that I may always look to you, in my troubles, in my distress, in my downcast pit, and see the gloriousness of Christ.I pray that as I walk in this daily journey, I shall be reminded that I am here only because I am here to be equipped in serving Him.I think one advantage to be not as smart as others is that it reminds me that I cannot do anything alone, only in and through God can I.It is the grace and strength of the Lord by which I strived through an intense hebrew 1. Tmrw is a new challenge, God help me, Amen.Life would be so different without them, thank the Lord for parents who came and supported me all the way. 😄 https://t.co/JJlSGYjRYZ1 Corinthians 1:26-31. Thank the Lord for Christ who became for us wisdom, and righteousness and santification, glory to God alone.I give thanks to the Lord for those whom He has placed in my life, pointing me to Christ and those who remind me of His faithfulness.I give thanks to the Lord because He not only walks with me since day one but He has been carrying me the whole time.Psalm 121 has been a huge encouragement to me throughout the month, it is humbling when we consider it's context, truly amazing.It is tempting to say, I want to walk with God all my life until it is revealed that it is He who walks with me, carrying me. Humbling.Theres no one trial too many or one too few, God will do everything necessary to make living stones that are fit for His service.Share MOSCOT with your friends and receive $10 OFF your purchase! Checkout | MOSCOT https://t.co/D31vLjBMKOEarlier in the month on independence day, the housemmates and i went for kbbq and hotpot with the other Westminster folks. https://t.co/smYNSNIuqD#family https://t.co/sEHzV4adKjMy bros. #bros https://t.co/x8Fo363uWcThe happy fam. https://t.co/DA7wnO0oz5Having spent a decade here in Toronto, I can say that there were moments of love and hate. And I'll seriously say that I may miss this placeI pray that the next 3 years will be a season of refinement, of learning, may God help me that my love for Him may increase.So thankful for God's guidance and grace in the past 2 years, thankful for the ppl whom He placed and the things I have learned."Better is little with the fear of the LORD than great treasure and trouble therewith." Proverbs 15:16"Do not let your heart envy sinners, but be zealous for the fear of the Lord all the day" Proverbs 23:17#Calvinist https://t.co/nYSvZGQNWhTrusting and relying solely upon the grace of God.Home sweet home. #home https://t.co/M45VnGhwQwMy co-workers have farewelled me with a fruit cake. #farewell https://t.co/vrTMflwPC6The fear of the Lord is a fountain of life, to depart from the snares of death. Proverbs 14:27My last day of work is this Friday after having almost worked there for 2 years. Praise God for His grace and tender mercies. #praisegodBlaise Pascal 😍🔥🔥🔥@jamesjcheung Hey, I'm leaving on the 27th of June.I'm left alone in awe and wonder toward the grace which the Lord has shown to me. I pray for grace as I head into the next stage in life.Extremely thankful for the people whom the Lord has put in my life, their support, their love and their graciousness.https://t.co/MCMMi8gixuWhile I do see the benefits of having a companion during seminary, I still have to wait on the sovereign, wise providence of God.It's almost like a standard thing that the older, more mature men would urge a single folk like I to find a spouse b4 entering the ministryTime really does fly, a few weeks left and I'll be leaving the workplace at which I have been working for 2 years.It's such a blessing to know that my local church and the mother church are behind me, supporting me spiritually and in physical needs.Meeting the elders from the mother church tonight, please pray as I am a little nervous.#tbt last year when I visited the unofficial URC denominational seminary in Dyer, IN. It was a… https://t.co/dxMdJq1JvULord willing, I would love to help Asian churches in the future to return to the root of the Bible, and help them to be sound in doctrine.It was a real blessing to have attended a reformed, confessional church in the past couple years, everything was just different.The last couple of years were special, I was left alone to grow, to mature, to learn, sometimes makes me wonder where the Lord is leading meThe English puritan theologian, Isaac Watts is my new favorite! #puritandebating whether or not to start reading Thomas Aquinas's Summa Theologica. #christianphilosophyTo know art and science is to gather straw, but to know God in Christ is to gather pearl. Thomas WatsonI think it is good to reflect upon oneself once every so often concerning if I love the theology or do I love Christ more.To know God out of Christ is to know him as an enemy - but to know him in Christ is sweet and delicious. Thomas WatsonA retired minister has lent me an out-of-print series on church history. I searched online for a new set and it will cost $33000. 😅😅😅